feat: add edge unit tests to the docs (#15694)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/functions/unit-test.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'unit-test',

>   title: 'Unit Tests for Edge Functions',
>   description: 'Unit Tests for Edge Functions with Deno Test',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Testing your Edge Functions',
  description: 'Writing Unit Tests for Edge Functions using Deno Test',
```

}

> To ensure the correctness and performance of your Edge Functions, testing is an essential step in the development process. Let's discuss the significance of testing and examining the code in the `deno-test.ts` file, which demonstrates how to test the Supabase client and the `hello-world` function.

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth mentioning, in which directory the user should create the test file and how to name it.
(I think it's better to place them in `supabase/tests` and can name the file by function name followed by `-test.ts` eg: hello-world-test.ts`)

> }
> To ensure the correctness and performance of your Edge Functions, testing is an essential step in the development process. Let's discuss the significance of testing and examining the code in the `deno-test.ts` file, which demonstrates how to test the Supabase client and the `hello-world` function. When creating test files for Edge Functions, it is recommended to place them in the `supabase/tests` directory and name the file by the function name followed by `-test.ts`. For example, `hello-world-test.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

To ensure the correctness and performance of your Edge Functions, testing is an essential step in the development process. Let's discuss the significance of testing and examining the code in the `deno-test.ts` file, which demonstrates how to test the Supabase client and the `hello-world` function. When creating test files for Edge Functions, it is recommended to place them in the `supabase/tests` directory and name the file by the function name followed by `-test.ts`. For example, `hello-world-test.ts`.
```

Author: This uses a test folder inside /functions/ subdirectory to create the test functions. So, I shouldn't interfere with: https://supabase.com/docs/guides/database/testing

- We import various testing functions from the Deno standard library, including `assert`, `assertExists`, and `assertEquals`.
- We import the `createClient` and `SupabaseClient` classes from the `@supabase/supabase-js` library to interact with the Supabase client.
- We define the necessary configuration for the Supabase client, including the Supabase URL, API key, and authentication options.
- The `testClientCreation` function tests the creation of a Supabase client instance and queries the database for data from a table. It verifies that data is returned from the query.
- The `testHelloWorld` function tests the "Hello-world" Edge Function by invoking it using the Supabase client's `functions.invoke` method. It checks if the response message matches the expected greeting.
- We run the tests using the `Deno.test` function, providing a descriptive name for each test case and the corresponding test function.

> Note: Please make sure to replace the placeholders (`supabaseUrl`, `supabaseKey`, `my_table`) with the actual values relevant to your Supabase setup.

Reviewer 3: Worth making an `<Admonition>`?
